Here are six English words that are stronger than "bad".
What's up, my friend?
This is Coffee with Kaizen number #7. Hope you're doing all
right this morning. And this episode, like I said in the
intro, I'm gonna be teaching you six English words that are
stronger than the word "bad". Now, you know what I always
say? We're not going to waste any time. Let's get right into
this episode. So word number one: awful. "Awful".
A-W-F-U-L. "Awful".
Now, the definition of "awful" is "very bad or unpleasant".
Another definition is "extremely shocking or horrific". So
let me give you an example. "This food tastes awful." "This
food tastes awful", right?
"This food tastes very, very bad. It's very unpleasant.
There's absolutely no pleasure when I'm eating this food."
Another example, "Her apartment smells awful." "Man, her
apartment smells awful." So the context I want you to
understand or the idea I want you to get about this word is
a lot of times, we'll use it to describe food or drinks or
smells or things like that. Anything that when you
experience it, just naturally you and your body go, "ugh",
like, "Ugh!
That's awful! Ugh god, it's awful!" Now, there are other
times when somebody would say, like, "You're an awful
person", or something like that, because again, it just
means "very bad". That's the true meaning of this word. But
a lot of times we use it with smells and food and drinks and
feelings and things of that nature. Anything that makes you
go, "Ugh! Just fucking awful." You see what I'm saying?
Alright, word number two on the list is "mediocre".
"Mediocre". M-E-D-I-O-C-R-E. "Mediocre".
Now the definition of "mediocre" is "of only moderate
quality"; "not very good". Okay so again, the opposite of
"good" is just "bad". Just a stronger word or more specific
word, let's say, so here's an example, "He did a really
mediocre job." Like, "Man, he did a really mediocre job."
What...maybe somebody who built your house or working on
your car or whatever it is. Somebody who was doing a job,
did a "mediocre" job. They didn't do a good job, didn't do a
satisfactory job. It was "mediocre". It was below average.
It was bad. You see what I'm saying? Low quality. So another
example, you could say, "I don't like Microsoft. They make
mediocre products." "Yeah, I don't like that company because
they make mediocre products. They don't make good products;
they're cheap; they're of low quality; they're not very
good." So in this case the word "mediocre", a lot of times
we'll use it with things like performance or products or
things like that, when we're talking about the quality of
something, or the level of quality. You see what I'm saying?
"That's a mediocre product, that's mediocre performance.
It's not good enough." You see what I'm saying? It's just...
it's bad. That's the idea. Hmmm...alright word number three:
"terrible".
"Terrible". T-E-R-R-I-B-L-E.
"Terrible". The definition of "terrible" is "extremely or
distressingly bad or serious." Another definition is
"extremely incompetent or unskillful." So let me give you an
example of the first definition: "That movie was terrible."
"That movie was terrible. I mean, like, extremely bad." Now,
that's not necessarily a serious situation just because the
movie was bad. Don't have to take that too seriously. But
the idea is that it's just extremely bad. Extremely bad.
Similar to "awful" - also has the idea of extremely bad,
right? Now an example of "extremely incompetent or
unskillful", I could say, "He is a terrible manager." "He's
a terrible manager. He's an incompetent manager. He's not a
skilled manager. He is not good at what he does. In fact, he
is extremely bad at what he does. He is terrible." Okay?
Next word on the list. Number four...number four:
"disappointing".
"Disappointing". Now, one little pronunciation detail here
is...first let me spell it for you, then I'll explain.
"Disappointing". D-I-S-A-P-P-O-I-N-T-I-N-G.
That's a long word.
"Disappointing". Okay so you see, there is a "T" in that
word: "disappoint-ing". But a lot of Americans, in my
experience, we don't really pronounce the "T" like a hard
"T". It almost becomes an "N" or just disappears completely.
So instead of saying, "That is disappointing", I would say,
"That's disappointing." "Disappointing". So there's no "T"
in that word when I say it. It's there, you know, but I kind
of just ignore it. It's like the black sheep or whatever of
the word. It's not there. So just...I brought that to your
attention because it happens all the time with so many
different words and I'll try to bring that to your attention
more in future episodes but let's get back to the word:
"disappointing". The definition of "disappointing" is
"failing to fulfill someone's hopes or expectations". The
example about the movie, right? "That was a terrible movie."
Maybe the ending is what made it terrible for you because
the ending was so "disappointing". You wasted two hours of
your life for this really bad ending, this poor ending, and
it disappointed you because you were hoping that it was
gonna be good. And at the end, it was bad. Alright? Another
example, "They've made a disappointing start to the season."
So let's imagine you're a soccer fan, basketball fan,
whatever it is. New season 2021, you're all excited and your
team loses the first nine games. Obviously not good; that's
very, very bad. It's "disappointing" because you, as a fan,
have these high hopes, right? Your aspirations, your hopes,
your expectations of your team are very high, very positive,
and they lose nine games in a row to start the season.
That's a "disappointing start", okay? I'm sure that makes
sense. So, word number five: "shitty". "Shitty".
S-H-I-T-T-Y. Now, just so you know, this is a rude word and
it's kind of considered like vulgar slang. It's not
something that you would use everyday or with anyone, just
so you know, "shitty". So the definition of the word
"shitty": when you're talking about "a person or an action
is contemptible or worthless." That second word is a better
definition. It just means worthless, not valuable at all
because it's so bad. Now, if you're talking about an
experience or a situation, it just means very, very
unpleasant or awful. So let me give you some examples.
Number one, "Her music is really shitty." "Ah, yeah, her
music is really shitty." "Why don't you like that artist?"
"Because the music is shitty, bro. It's trash. I don't like
it. It's really, really bad." You see what I'm saying? Now
we're talking about an experience, for example. "That's a
shitty way to treat somebody." "That's a shitty way to treat
somebody, man. That's a very, very unpleasant, awful, poor,
negative, bad way to treat somebody." So in the first
example, we're talking about the quality. Her music has no
value; it's worthless; it's shitty, right? In the second
example, we're talking more about an experience or a
situation: "That's a shitty way to treat somebody", a very
unpleasant and awful way to be treating another person. So
just in case you haven't really noticed it, the word
"shitty" comes from the word "shit", S-H-I-T, which has
multiple meanings but just understand that in this case,
it's something bad; it's trash; it's terrible; it's all
negative. The word "shit" in almost every case is not
positive, okay? So the word "shit" comes from "shitty" and
that's why we can use it in that way, alright? So last word
on the list number six: "wack".
W-A-C-K. "Wack".
Alright? Now, this is also considered slang, like if you use
this in certain cases, people might not understand you. It
just depends on where you are and who you're talking to. I'm
almost positive that everyone understands the word "shitty",
but "wack" I can't say with certainty that everyone's gonna
understand this word, but the meaning is just "bad or
inferior". That's the definition of "wack". So for example,
"That song is wack as hell." "Man, that song is wack as
hell, bro. I'm not listening to that shit. That song is
shitty. It's wack as hell", which means it's really, really,
really bad. And just to explain really quickly, the phrase
"as hell" in that sentence, "That song is wack as hell", "as
hell" is just a way to put emphasis on an adjective in
English. *clears throat* so if I say, "That song is wack as
hell", that song is "wack", but is super "wack", it's
extremely "wack". So another example is ah..."Man, that guy
is funny as hell", or "That movie was exciting as hell."
These aren't the best examples, but when I use the words "as
hell" right after an adjective, it's a way of putting
emphasis on that adjective. Hopefully that makes sense and
understand that the word "hell", in most people's minds it's
a curse word, so just be careful when you use that because
you might not want to use that at work, with your boss or,
you know, somebody's grandparents or something like that.
Just so you know, it is considered like a bad word. Alright?
But, back to the word "wack", here's another example:
"Rappers these days are so wack." "Man, these rappers out
here these days. These new rappers are so wack, bro, they're
trash. They're very, very bad. They're inferior to the...to
the rappers of the past." That's the idea. "They suck!"
That's another way of saying it, alright? Example number
three, "That shirt you got on is wack, bro." "Man, where did
you get that shirt, bro? That shit is wack." You know what
I'm saying? "That shirt is ugly, low quality. Take it off.
It's bad. I don't like it. It's not cool." And that's really
the idea that you can have with the word "wack". It's just
the opposite of "cool". "Cool" is something good, stylish,
"Yeah, I look good. I'm cool." "Wack" is the exact opposite.
If it's not "cool", that shit is "wack". Alright, my friend,
now you got six English words that are stronger than the
word "bad". Hopefully you understand the context in which we
use all six of these words but as always, if you've got any
questions or doubts, leave them in the comment section on
YouTube or shoot me a message on social media. Do whatever
you got to do to get in contact with me and I'll see if I
can help you out. But that is Coffee with Kaizen #7 in the
books. See you tomorrow. Peace!